Add RC upgrade notification (#139)
BCDevOps/platform-services-status-page-notifications: notifications/05-12-21-1700.md

## What is happening?

> RocketChat is being upgrade form 2.4 to 3.14.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
RocketChat is being upgraded from 2.4 to 3.14.
```
